Gameplay differences (#10032)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer/Gameplay_differences_in_osu!(lazer)/en.md

| A | At least 90% accuracy |
| B | At least 80% accuracy |
| C | At least 70% accuracy |
| D | Anything else with passed score |

> | F | Failed score |

Reviewer: this mirrors https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Gameplay/Grade, which doesn't display F grades. they don't exist anywhere except in lazer when you save a failed score

Author: than should we keep this or remove?
We may need update grade to match this?

F scores are also exist on the server side, but they cannot be obtained by methods other than api.

Reviewer: i'll revert for now, but this can be considered in another pr (mentioning that it's only used in the api, etc.)

Slider ends used to have the quirk of not breaking combo (and not causing a MISS judgement) if missed. This meant that an S play, which among other things requires zero MISS judgements, would look like a full combo even if some slider ends were missed. Various debates over whether such a play should be called an FC ensued.

> From now on slider ends will only affect score and accuracy, but have no effect on combo. This means that a no miss score always signifies a full combo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on slider ends will only affect score and accuracy, but have no effect on combo. This means that a no-miss score always signifies a full combo.
```

### Missing a slider head causes a miss

> Missing a slider head (either by not hitting it or hitting it during its miss window) would previously break combo but not cause a MISS judgement, and a judgement could still be received for the missed slider by completing the rest of it. This allowed players to receive a no miss score while having a low max combo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Missing a slider head (either by not hitting it or hitting it during its miss window) would previously break combo but not cause a MISS judgement, and a judgement could still be received for the missed slider by completing the rest of it. This allowed players to get scores with low max combo while technically having no misses.
```

> Instead of a speed cap, spinners now have a score cap. This was done as a simple initial implementation which may be revised in the future.
> 
> The score cap is determined by the total score that can be obtained by spinning the entire spinner with 477 RPM.
> 
> That means you can spin the entire spinner at 477 RPM to get the highest score, or spin at a higher speed to finish spinner early, but you can still only get the score which spin the entire spinner at 477 RPM.

Reviewer: currently it's more like 480 RPM (8 RPS) until https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/24661 is merged

also it's really a rotation cap

```suggestion
Instead of a speed cap, spinners now have a rotation cap determined by the total amount of rotations that can be achieved by spinning the entire spinner at 477 RPM.

This means that the maximum score can be obtained early by spinning faster, with no more points awarded afterwards for the rest of the spinner duration.
```

| Classic mod revert support | No |
| Intentionally changed | Yes |
| Needs further consideration | No? |

### Audio rate adjustments affect hit windows in osu!mania

In stable, osu!mania reverts changes to hit windows resulting from applications of DT/HT.

|  |  |
| :-- | :-: |
| Breaks backwards compatibility | Yes |
| Classic mod revert support | No |
| Intentionally changed | No |
| Needs further consideration | Yes |

### The Flashlight mod does not have a gradient

<!-- TODO: comparison image  -->

|  |  |
| :-- | :-: |
| Breaks backwards compatibility | No |
| Classic mod revert support | No |
| Intentionally changed | No |

> | Needs further consideration | Yes |

Author: So here need to indicate that it is unique to mania

> | Needs further consideration | Yes |

Reviewer: it's already in the mania section

> | Needs further consideration | Yes |

Author: oh.. I miss that😓

Then there should be no problem.
